# Sales-Rain-Announces-the-Launch-of-its-Redesigned-Makati-Office
Sales Rain’s first-ever site in Manila at 107 L.P. Leviste Street, Makati City, is donning a redesigned office layout. As a leader in the commercial real estate industry, timely renovations of office build-outs are frequent projects of workspace service providers. These measures are meant to promote efficient workspace solutions that directly impact client satisfaction and employee productivity.
The Peak is a PEZA registered building that still stands as an ideal office location for entrepreneurs and startups due to its close proximity to the Makati central business district. This modern office facility was Sales Rain’s first acquisition in the Philippines way back in 2010. It is conveniently located along nearby shopping malls, hotels, banks, schools, parks, museums, and embassies that are easily accessible via public transportation. 
Sales Rain’s newly redesigned Makati site is a company-owned penthouse office spanning 305 sq ft in gross floor area with a view from strategically placed windows that provide natural lighting for clients’ visual comfort. The Peak Tower exudes premium building access through a private entrance that leads to a dedicated reception area. This professionally managed serviced office comprises 60 fully adaptable seats ideal for call center seat leasing, private office, or semi-private office. It also offers 2 Manager’s office that displays a professional ambiance with the necessary tables and chairs. It also comes with a meeting room, server room, and restroom. Moreover, this facility is equipped with reliable air conditioning units plus a fast internet connection for uninterrupted 24/7 business operations.
With the launch of its redesigned Makati site, the company continues to offer fully fitted workspace solutions that complement business requirements and operational processes. Moreover, being able to extend the most aggressive pricing for many types of office services makes Sales Rain the best option for entrepreneurs who are looking for work environments that are cost-effective, move-in ready, and come with complete amenities within the area.
